Add --yes, so a run needs no terminal (#113)
NullVoxPopuli/rere-benchmark: README.md

    To skip the picking, `pnpm bench --framework=all --bench=all` runs everything.
    (Every flag is listed in the table the runner prints on start up.)

    Two prompts are left after that: where to save, and a confirmation. Add

>     `--yes` to take the default for both, which is what CI and any headless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `--yes` to take the default for both, which is what any non-interactive
```

    machine needs:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    environment needs:

```
